Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Now,
what I've done is I've made the subway just created private on,
have carpet it in its entirety pace.
It's underneath.
And this time I've called it Cancun on I have changed the address that we are looking at.
So obviously that particular Web pages dedicated to the weather in room on this one is
going to be dedicated to the weather in Mexico.
Cancun on.
Similarly,
I have also done London on rename the sub to London,
and I have changed.
The website address is looking for to the actual address for the London weather,
which is whether slash UK slash London.
What I'm gonna do is I'm actually just going to record all of those websites that we've
used right on top of this code just so you can see them when you download the file.
Okay,
so this is the data set.
Four room.
This is what we returned for room.
Know if we have a look at this,
we can see that we have this strain line of data down here at line 33.
Now,
consequently,
when Cancun rooms,
what I want to do is begin the data at a 33.
So it pastes over this data here,
so I'm just gonna hit play.
It's going to start importing the data from Cancun or from the Web server for the
weathering Cancun on.
While that's important,
that's imported already.
That was extremely quick.
Right?
Okay,
I'll talk through all of these when we refresh in the next one.
Now,
the one thing we do need to do here,
because with Cancun we have.
If we look at the data set,
we can see that it's fairly even.
We have our conditions there.
We have our headings in here.
Then we have the day name on a date and a name and a date in the day name and the date all
the way down.
But then he goes slightly out of kilter here.
So what we want to do a soon as we've finished importing our second data set is delete this
line on this line.
So our data set becomes uniform.
So that's rose 33 on rose 34.
So at the bottom of Cancun,
I'm going to say Rose Onda se 33 2 34 I think is 33 to 34 close quotes dot Delete.
And that is gonna make all of our data for the 1st 2 tables perfectly uniform.
So what I'm gonna do is delete everything.
Yes,
I know,
Andi.
I'm gonna come back to our code and I'm gonna create a run order at the top on.
I am going to say I'll make this a sub because we're going to assign it to the church.
The pivot child shortly on what am I going to call this?
A.
Let's call this my amazing Web query Boom on their began on.
We are going to run room first and we're going to run Cancun next.
So let's just run that code all the way through.
And while that's running,
I'll talk you through some of the finer points of this code.
Now a mind machine which sits quite a way away from my router.
The data takes about between 12 and 20 seconds per site retrieval to grab the data.
Now,
I have experimented with this particular site at Ramen out some of these different lines of
code to see which ones are the things that take up all the time.
And if I'm honest,
even if I cut it down to the absolute bone.
I can only take a couple of seconds out of this.
So in honesty,
I would just leave it exactly as it is.
Obviously,
if you're performing 200 queries,
you may want to revisit that on the way to revisit that is remote.
Each line individually,
Run your code and test your performance.
O clock,
What time we start to clock what time it finished?
The one thing that you absolutely,
never can do without,
by the way,
is this one here?
Because that's where it actually runs.
The query so to clear is run.
And here we have our first data set,
which is Rome.
And you can see now that it follows a standard patent all the way down.
It goes day,
date,
date all the way down to here.
Now what we want to do with a Rome?
No.
We've done Rome.
That's London,
isn't it?
Next,
what want to do with London is begin pasting the day at a 63 so you can see I'm starting at
a 63.
But similarly,
I want to delete the last two lines.
So here with Cancun,
we pasted at 33 on we deleted 33 34 on DSO with London.
What we want to do is paste that 63 on we wanted deletes 63 64 soon 63 64.
And I'm gonna add London to our run order up here.
So London.
And I'm just gonna portia second while they execute that code and we'll come back and have
a look at it in just a few seconds.
Okay,
guys,
welcome back.
And I'm just going to resize that they in fact,
something probably auto size.
And then we got rid of all those white things.
And here is our data data in a perfectly uniform manner.
We actually need to delete that one as well.
I need to add that at the end.
Eso I need to delete line 93.
I'll add that to the code in a second.
Right,
So here's and days out Nice and uniforms.
Now,
what we're gonna do in the next lecture is looking at Tide in.
This sucks.
If you pay attention to what's actually happened,
we have a day and all the data on that line.
But the date is on its own here with nothing else.
So what we want to do is move this data up to here for all of these.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture,
but we'll cover how to do just that.
I'll see you then.